This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
Probably,
We all have different types of Christmas traditions that we hold dear.
And,
I'm sure that.
A lot of us
Of the older sect.
This morning we can think back
On some real humble
Experiences
At Christmas time, and especially on Christmas morning,
I was looking
This week,
At some pictures that reminded me
Of how?
Difficult life was
During what some may remember to be the Great Depression,
I was looking at some old photographs
And in those photographs,
It came to me almost like a train without brakes.
How?
how little people had
And how little they...
Were required to make things
Last,
And one of the things that I noticed in the photograph, and I saw these clothes that were tattered and torn, and most of the children were barefoot,
And what earthly possessions these people had,
Was strapped on two
An old type of a car,
Mattress box spring tied with a rope lanons.
Blankets.
Cast iron fire panes and
But the thing that stuck out to me,
And these all photographs were.
Nearly all of these children had a smile.
Didn't take very much back in those days.
To bring a smile.
I'm telling you if they had a tangerine or.
Handful of walnuts.
Something.
Of that nature, maybe some got.
An extra biscuit.
on Christmas morning it just
Didn't take much to make people happy.
Back in those days,
And I think about how...
Things have got so commercialized.
Now,
That it's
Some people live for this time of the year to
Going to death
To be.
Uh.
Almost expired with.
The lines and the.
Gifts and the shopping,
All of these things
when I believe with all of my heart that the greatest
Gift of all is free.
Is free.
I don't know what kind of tradition you had,
Growing up,
Maybe you remember those hard times.
In our home,
We never,
Unwrapped anything.
Until we as a family sat around together,
And we would read the Christmas story predominantly taken.
From the one I want to share with you this morning in Luke, chapter two.
And so,
If they can get these scriptures on the screen for you, I'm going to read
In Luke chapter 2,
And beginning in verse number one
I think.
We are all very familiar with this.
And it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed.
This taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.
And all went to be taxed, every one into his own city.
And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, and to Judea, to the city of David, which is called Bethlehem,
Because he was of the house and lineage of David.
To be taxed with Mary, his espoused wife, being great with child.
And so it was that while they were there,
The days were accomplished.
That she
Should be delivered.
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger.
Because there was no room for them in the inn.
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night.
And low
The angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them, and they were sore afraid.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not.
For behold,
I bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all people.
For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior,
Which is Christ the Lord.
And this shall be a sign unto you, ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
And suddenly,
There was with the angel a multitude of heavenly hosts praising God and saying,
Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.
And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from.
They went to heaven. The shepherds said one to another, Let us now go even unto Bethlehem.
Which, by the way, means the house of bread.
And see this thing which has come to pass.
Which the Lord hath made known unto us.
And they came with haste, and found Mary and Joseph and the babe lying in a manger.
And when they had seen it, they made known abroad the saying which was told,
Them concerning this child.
And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
But Mary kept all these things and pondered them in her heart.
And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen,
As it was told unto them.
Real quickly, I want to share one thought with you.
From verse 19.
But Mary kept all these things.
And pondered them.
In her heart.
When the angel came to Mary and gave her the prophecy that she was going to be the chosen one who would give birth to the Messiah.
Out of everything that was revealed to her,
Very simply.
She had to take guard.
At his word.
Now, I want you to think about that just for a moment.
She had to take God
At his word,
She had to put.
Her entire life.
Into his hands.
She had to have unquestionable faith.
And his mother David said so well, and as these.
Who have sang in the poem and?
Everything that is
Translated to us this morning about the birth of Christ,
I think one of the things that people really lose track of during the Christmas season,
Is is is
Why did he come?
Why did God...
Choose to manifest himself,
In the flesh.
through his only begotten son, Jesus Christ. Why all of this?
A lot of people
The only thing they know about Christmas,
is the fun side. I love the fun side.
Probably I'm the biggest kid in here.
We got a lot of children in here, but I don't know if anybody likes to find sight of it as much as I do.
I love it.
But I'm so thankful that I know the real side to it.
But for a lot of people, listen, think with me.
All over the world, the only thing they know is about.
Decorations.
And gifts.
And presence,
And food.
And that's as far as it goes.
After tomorrow,
And tomorrow it will just be an ordinary day for many.
All over the world, people who wake up and never, ever really truly know what Christmas is all about.
But to think that God would send
Himself,
In flesh.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
But the thing that I want to leave with you this morning is is why did he come? why?
Obviously, he didn't have to.
And obviously,
Because his omniscient
He knew that when he created,
A man in his own likeness and image
It was just going to be moments before that man would fall and trash grass against his holiness.
And there were multiple terms from the fall in the garden.
Down through the flat
And I...
Rollercoaster history that Israel had.
With him, I think there were multiple times and opportunities God could have just
Walked away from it all.
Why was he persistent?
Why was Jesus the Lamb slain before the foundation of the world? Why?
Very simple.
This world is filled
With darkness,
Because this world is filled with darkness,
God knew that the only thing
That could shine light on it.
Was Jesus.
God through Jesus.
Has given light to the world
There's a passage of scripture
That I want to close with that very, very seldom.
Is
Even referenced during the Christmas season.
But I want to...
Read it for you today in John's Gospel, Chapter one,
In verses 6 through 9, the word says, there was a man sent from God who
Whose name was John?
The same came for a witness to bear witness of.
The light.
That all men through him might believe.
P. John.
Was not that light.
But was sent to bear witness.
Of that light.
That was the true light.
Which lighteth every man,
That cometh.
Into the world.
What a glorious gift God has given us.
At Christmas.
And the best part about it,
It's free.
You don't have to go in debt for it.
And the second best part
About
God's gift?
To us at Christmas?
As that,
It will never have to be returned.
Aren't you glad for that?
I don't know about you, but I hate to return stuff.
My wife, she tells me all the time.
If it don't fit, if it don't work, just take it
I don't have anything to do with that.
If it's going back, you take it back.
It's like going in a store. I mean,
I don't know if I'm the only one, guys, but you go in the store with your wife is bad, it's real bad.
But you've got to look at everything.
Every aisle, everything, every cell.
The first thing I do, I go in there and I look for a chair.
I'll say, now I'll be sitting right here when you come back.
I don't like to do it.
But Jesus,
Is the gift.
You will never ever have to exchange
Or return.
Praise his holy name.
I think that
And surely they ought not to, at least in this church.
You know, I'd love to be one child.
In the existence of our church that does not know
The real meaning of Christmas, what Christmas is all about.
It's about
The birthday.
Of the saviour,
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordroadbaptistchurch.com